Tl;dr: Merry Goblin Christmas. If you’ve been good, Santa might give you a spaceship. If you’ve been bad, the Christmas slug will absorb you, the  arm-hungry flaming spinwheel will come take away your arms and legs, the vat rats will gnaw on your bones—definitely more bad than good. Clarion Protocol triggered—that’s another bad thing. Benji asked motherfuckers to shoot the ship to shit. Restored some power in the lower decks. Hobo Santa-pede in the cafeteria. Don’t let androids look at statues. Who can hear the bells? Goblin containment cube. Where’s the key? Probably floating in the corridor. Need a rat? Look in the ever-replicating rat vat. Baby-hands mushroom likes radiation. Caterpillar absorbs stuff—and now so does Santa? Spiders and moths fleeing the station in a couple/few days. Recovered Ten-day’s hacker. Did nothing with the reactor despite that being the one thing we went down to do today.  

---

Catching up, dog recounts the team’s previous adventures to two newcomers, scientists, in the DooDrop Inn on Pirate station H-107. Introduction to the ship came by way of finding a LAN cable that wormed its way halfway up the dog's arm (the pilot-dog, not the dog-dog, and  having the server room blown off as we were investigating the Clarion Protocol triggered by “something else, not solar flares” trying to communicate with us/our ship/through our ship. 
The “live” lan cable, the snail shell on the ship. Shot by the motherfuckers. Ship ruined, put our stuff in storage unit. Went  to adventure. 

Going down to the lower decks for reactor, but found slug in cafeteria instead, bones in morgue chewed by rats that we found out were being grown in rat vats down on the third level. Why third level? Because of a critically failed elevator hack. But that’s later on. 

Cafeteria was just Oloculus(?) - Santa Hobo, and then slug fight. Killed the slug, went down the poop chute to the forge foreman’s office. Busted up a salvage drone in the process. Explored the office, followed the full moon to an elevator, ended up on the third floor and decided to explore down there instead of doing the job we came for. We did find signs of the hackers we were looking for, so that was a job—it just wasn’t the reactor job we wanted to do to get power back on down here. 

Level three had three doors. One to the “robot room,” a Mandalorian Test wherein a statue made androids arm-hungry cyber zombies, but that turned out alright because the hacker, Nalia, figured out a cure. And it only took killing all of the antique androids and questioning Benji’s sanity to get it to work. 

Door number three was the “vat room” where the rat vat was filled with replicating rats, the mushroom vat had baby hand mushroom that the scientist never did get a sample of, and a caterpillar that’s absorbed stuff like the slug upstairs had done. 

Door number two, which we entered despite all its many many warnings, held the goblin containment cube that may or may not have held a goblin and may have held a key that may have kept the goblin locked up. We saw more and more of it on the terminal cameras, but were finally swayed to leave and go back up top without opening the cube. Was it a wormhole?

The moths and Tenday robo-spider are all leaving the station because they’re pretty sure the clarion protocol calls for a lot of destruction around the source of the protocol trigger, and it’s probably not a bad idea for us to all leave soon too. Too bad our ship is useless. 

Santa gave us the keys to his ship, unfortunately the locks have all been recoded. We’re getting (140 mil?) for the scrap that was our ship… I think we valued it at 170 or 180mil when Reuben and Benji checked to see what was still salvageable. 

Tranq gun of black goo is some sort of nano virus. Mothman had seen one like it that replicated blades in living things and does blade based carnage like a plague. 

We connected power to some of the lower levels. Is based on solar panels, but was enough to run either doors or life support or emergency lights. 

We can take pictures with our data pads… a fact we remembered only long enough to take an “ussie” of Nalia as proof of life, but then she came back with us anyway and we didn’t think to take data pad pictures of anything else at all, despite so many interesting fucked up things happening to and around us. 

We did get a copy of the arm-hungry robo-cure. Also a camera footage of the goblin box. But not the useful part where we saw the bell key or the goblin. Whoever goes down next, make sure you open the goblin box. We may all be doomed to a “Ringu” situation where seeing the goblin means everyone on the ship is going to die… so between that and the shop triggering the Clarion Protocol, maybe it’s a good thing the ship's been destroyed?

Mushroom likes radiation and is growing up into the reactor core. 